we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results don't have any
words they just my back in about ten
seconds so the results show is just the
most unenjoyable part strictly it's
horrible having to wait for your name's
we call that but eventually and they
said if we get called out first in the
first tranche I'm going to pick you up
and put you on that banister to slide
down when you jump did it about five
amazing jumps Lazarus I said what are
you going to do this way I never know
and I couldn't so she said well I'm
going to put you on there I know a lot
of people have supported me in the past
but I don't know that involves me on the
night so I'm just always in bits
just know we're very great very very
very grateful I thought oh no I think we
might be going home I think it's time to
hang up the sparkly shoes it was all sad
it's all too sad that bit that's why you
hated the most
I can't think about next week right now
we'll deal with next week on Monday or
next week I don't no idea what I'm going
to do yet it's going to be it's gonna be
special that's all I'm gonna say